Here at Mr. Beast, we think that the
best thing to move forward with is the
biggest, craziest, boldest idea.
>> I tweeted out that I've been sitting on
this idea per commercial. And Mark, the
founder of Salesforce, responded. It
wasn't really supposed to be a thing,
but here we are.
>> You can't be executing at this type of
scale, at this type of speed, without
the right tools. It just wouldn't
happen. There is so many projects out
there. Having Slack and Salesforce at
our disposal is truly the key to the
success.
>> Things that people think are impossible,
we pull it off every time. It's always
something different. Keeps us on our
toes.
>> If you're running business without
Slack, you're doing it on hard bug.
>> Sometimes we have to use Salesforce and
Slack to track various losses like this.
>> Ha. If Jimmy comes up with some like
crazy random idea, we could just stop
what we're doing and go find a way to
film that idea.
>> Then we blow the bank up.
>> Sure.
>> These kind of last minute changes really
couldn't happen without Slack.
>> There is no way that we could execute
what we do here without Salesforce.
This commercial is going to be amazing.